feat(app-shortcuts): icons from ios assets (#448)
capawesome-team/capacitor-plugins: .changeset/eight-ears-sin.md

---
'@capawesome/capacitor-app-shortcuts': minor
---

> feat(app-shortcuts): add support for system symbols and assets from assets catalogue as icon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feat(ios): add support for system symbols and assets from assets catalogue as icon
```
